[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
just going to talk really briefly about
a product that I declared as one of my
favorites and the latest issue of my
magazine if you haven't seen the Rosie
Julie BC magazine I hope you'll check it
out I'll put a link in the description
but I've also been talking about this a
lot on my social media and I've had a
lot of questions about it so I thought I
would do a really quick video
it'll be good because I don't really
have to too much to say about it I just
really like it a lot and that is rose
water it's not actually this is actually
something I buy at the grocery store
it's something that you use and teensy
little amounts to flavor foods I
personally don't like the taste of it at
all in foods it's very very strong and
very floral and I don't like floral
flavors it doesn't mean they're bad if
not to my taste but yeah I've been
hearing for a really long time the rose
water is good for your skin and it's
really great for sensitive skin and to
talk to a lot of people who have said
that their grandmothers used it and
absolutely loved it and I've always kind
of wondered when our grandma thora buy
things why do we deviate from those so I
went and I picked up a bottle this is
the bottle that I've been using I have
actually several bottles of it I they
have it in larger than this as well that
I started buying since I've fallen in
love with it I tend to put it into this
little one which I find more handy to
just keep in the bathroom so that I can
use it instead of having this big thing
that kind of looks like food and then I
just refill it when I need it
but yeah I just I wash my face and then
I put a little bit of it in like if it's
very very it is water actually I'll tell
you it B it's basically distilled rose
water is the only ingredient so that's
all that it is it's so it's very very
watery like water and I put a little bit
into my palm after I've washed my face
and I rub my hands together and then I
just go like this and sort of make sure
that I cover the whole area of my face
with
rosewater it smells like roses if you've
ever had a bouquet of roses it smells
like that it doesn't smell like
artificial rose scent so if you have
rose scented soap that's not what it
smells like it smells like rose petals I
find it completely pretty I love it a
lot
so I just kind of spread it over my face
with my hands I know some people missed
it and things like that I just don't
happen to do that because I broke the
little missing bottle that I had in my
travel kit I have this one so I just put
it in my hands rub it over my face I
find it super cooling I love the scent
of it I find it very calming and because
I tend to follow that up with kill Terri
oil um if you saw my video I think from
a week ago then you'll know that I
absolutely love topiary oil I'll put a
link to that right here so that you can
check that out if you're interested but
yeah I follow that up with the
chokecherry oil and I find when I use
the rose water first the chokecherry oil
absorbent to my skin even better than it
would on its own I think it basically
gives the same sort of ideas you know
how they always recommend that you
moisturize your skin while it's still
damp after cleansing each well it's
still damp if you put a rose water on it
so I get the depelter to absorb into the
skin I just find that it's extremely
soothing to my skin I find it a very
pleasant experience and I think this
bottle was just over two dollars and the
Canadian and the bigger bottle of it is
I think $2.99 or 350 or something it's
unbelievably cheap especially
considering how long it lasts and I've
actually found that it's not just my
skin type that seems to like it I told
my best friend about it and she has
adult acne prone skin on her her skin is
very very oily where mine is very very
dry and she absolutely loved it and uses
that on a daily basis
she sold some of her family members and
they're using it Hector just it's just
it's so inexpensive it's available at
the grocery store and it just feels
lovely on the skin so yeah there's
really nothing else I can say about it I
haven't read any studies I don't really
know that much about it I just gave it a
try because I heard about it for such a
long time and you know how I just
absolutely love testing that you tell my
skin so that's exactly what I did but
yeah so I hope this is interesting I
hope this was something that you'll be
able to use if you did like this video I
will give it a thumbs up and if you want
to see more videos like this one I hope
you subscribe to my channel
I make new videos every Sunday and
Thursday and other than that I will see
you next time
[Music]